#245 simplify starting/stopping dogus to prevent getting stuck (#246)
cloudogu/k8s-dogu-operator: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - [#245] getting stuck in status "starting" when a dogu cannot be started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#245] Check Replica count instead of readiness status at Dogu startup to prevent blocking operator when a Dogu cannot be started
```
Maybe include a description of the solution you created, because the problem is already described in the issue (245).
